Background and Motivation
    Nim is a two-player game involving one or more piles of game pieces. Players alternate turns, taking at least 1 piece from a pile during each turn. A player may take anywhere from the entire pile to one piece from a pile, but may only take from one single pile during a turn. The player who takes the last piece(s) of the game loses! Minimax is a recursive algorithm that may be used for Nim, as well as most other two-player games, that returns if a move is good or bad for a certain player given that the other player is also playing optimally. Minimax incorporates recursion in that it involves repeatedly calling itself, determining the possible next states of the game based on possible moves, calculating the scores associated with these moves, then returning the max (if my turn) or min (if other plaeyrs turn) score, until the base case is reached. The base case is if there are 0 pieces left. Nim is the perfect test case for recursion because it involves repetition of the same steps/strategic method until a base, game-ending case is reached.


Usage
    To run this program, someone should run the runGame() method in the NimRunner.java file. This method will determine, based on the number of game pieces which is hardcoded as four, whether player x or player y will win. RunGame() calls getXMove() and getYMove() which both call bestMove(), which calls the minimax() function!



Future Directions 
    One improvement that could be made to the project is to have it work for a more complex, full game of Nim which involves several piles of game pieces. Incorporating this complexity would involve using a list of integers for the game pieces, each index representing one pile. An additional improvement that could be made would be involve user input so that the user may determine how many initial game pieces there are, altering the pieces variable in runGame(). To contribute to this project in any way, perhaps to implement these additional complexities, you may pull the NimRunner.java file, make any edits, and then push your changes with a comment! 